{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red5\green61\blue204;\red183\green177\blue7;
\red137\green152\blue14;\red183\green177\blue7;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c33896\c83855;\cssrgb\c76768\c73671\c0;
\cssrgb\c60518\c65003\c5353;\cssrgb\c76768\c73671\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17260\viewh12280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 July 8th 2023\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \
I fixed the table swanson a la mexicana.csv I use for estimating local projections. The newey command requires the series frequency is constant. \cf3 I found in Nov-23 that this table won\'92t be useful for estimating local-projections.\
\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 August 21st 2023
\f1\b0 \
\
I added context about the mexican public debt market. I analyze the 2006-2019 period but why? \cf3 The NAFTRAC series -I downloaded it from the Bloomberg terminal- starts in 2003.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 August 22nd 2023\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Cetes (mexican treasuries) series starts 2006, but I cannot find NAFTRAC data before 2006.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Naftrac earliest trading day is June 1st 2003 ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/NAFTRACISHRS.MX/?guccounter=1&guce_referrer=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbS8&guce_referrer_sig=AQAAAEjlreAqS4sq3gn_2IGlC0TK0YwvTIESyavRxGNB0Y-10TFTBjAJJp1IWTVZ5-ZnKJ56ZI12mhMLH41RFB_3IugWwPWSm-rupSk6LmXxcrKVHaGFD2v1wUB7Q4VEUVMArnR23q3b6dJMOWnezA0iEoLL7w-4MYCxt_A_PmJoXRG6"}}{\fldrslt Yahoo Finance!}}). \cf3 But the index it tracks is older.\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Tuesday, Oct-24th 2023
\f1\b0 \
Held meeting with Dr. Zervou.\
Tasks I did for today:\
* Updated model results including BMV/IPC index from Yahoo Finance!\
\
Tasks to do:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cb4 Update the references folder (add missing papers).\cb5 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb1 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Replicate tables 4 and 5 (Swanson, 2022) using our data. It might be good to estimate a model using the exchange rate as the dependent variable.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cb6 Verify IRFs estimation. I believe the confidence intervals aren\'92t correct.\cb1  \cf3 My estimation is incorrect because the dependent variable needs to change on each horizon h. In the first regression I use yield_today - yield_yesterday; then I use yield_tomorrow - yield_yesterday. The explanatory variables don\'92t change. My current table only works for doing event study analysis.\cf2 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Generate IRFs for the three types of shocks (FFR, LSAPs and Forward Guidance).\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cb4 Plot the changes in the FED\'92s and Banxico\'92s interest rates, use different colors.\cb1 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Rerun the model using a longer BMV/IPC series.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Verify when the market opened for foreign investors and became free of regulations.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Corroborate when Banxico started following the FED\'92s. Fix calendar API. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Summarize institutional facts in a table. When did Banxico adopt its current monetary policy instrument? How many times do they move vs. how many times does the FED move?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Request data to Banxico officials.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Wednesday, November 7th 2023
\f1\b0 \
Analysis\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Why does Banxico interest rate follow a different direction in some periods? Should I highlight the recession periods? The gap between both interest rates varies in the sample period (2006-2019). Is this related with my RQ?\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}How do other authors use a series of the IPC dating before 2001? Data from Yahoo! Finance says that the market volume was 0 before that date.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}In the methodology section I shall explain how I calculated the change in the securities prices on dates where the market was closed in Mexico.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The treasuries series are the daily average yield. I am calculating the percentage change between the previous day of the announcement and the day of the announcement. Is there a better way to calculate the change before and after the announcement? Another author \'97add citation\'97 calculates the change over a week!\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Should I measure the percentage change of FIX or a simple difference?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Monday, November 13th 2023
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Keep the evidence of your previous work.  We need to show robustness checks.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\cb6 Check if Swanson\'92s IRFs were calculated using event study data.  The IRFs using event study data don\'92t make sense.\cf3 \cb7 No, he most probably don\'92t use event study data. He says, on page 47, he regresses the yield\'92s change on the shocks value \'93for each FOMC\'94 announcement date. Then he estimated a projection on each announcement date.  He plots in figure 2 the average of the effect of a change in the federal funds on the 6-month yield. Because of he averages the effect of the FFR change, he bootstraps the standard deviations. I will get 231 estimates from estimating the local projections of the FFR change on the BMV stock index. \cf2 \cb1 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Compare the standard deviation of the exchange rate changes between the FED\'92s announcement dates and Baxico announcement dates.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Verify why the BMV/IPC has 0 as market volume.   Are those 0 values or nulls?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Next
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Create a table with 232 subsets of 120 observations to estimate the local projection of the BMV-IPC. Each subset includes 120 business days since the announcement date (incluside). Then estimate 232 local projections on each subset. Save the coefficientes of the Swanson\'92s monetary policy shocks.\
}