{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red3\green45\blue153;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c25950\c66514;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18300\viewh11180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Financial concepts\
\
- Clean price or ex coupon: the bond\'92s price before the accrued interest between coupon payments.\
- Dirty price: the bond\'92s price plus the accrued interest between coupon payments.\
- The clean price and the dirty price are equal when the bond is sold the day the interest payment is done.\
\
The buyer pays the seller the clean price plus any accrued interest between coupon payments. The seller owns the accrued interest for the time he holds the bond.\
\

\f1\b Definitions
\f0\b0 :\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.investopedia.com/terms/o/overnightrate.asp#:~:text=Error%20Code%3A%20100013)-,What%20Is%20the%20Overnight%20Rate%3F,sets%20to%20target%20monetary%20policy."}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i Overnight interest rate}}
\f2\i : \'91\'93
\f0\i0 the overnight interest rate is the rate at which one depository institution lends or borrows money from another depository institution in the overnight market\'94.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b Data\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\'93mexico-treasuries-daily-yields-since-2003.xlsx\'94: CETES daily yield available since May 2003 for all maturities <= 1 year. Source: Banxico SIE.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\'93pre-and-post-ZLB-factors-extended.xlsx\'94: Swanson (2022) factors measuring changes in different monetary policy instruments. Series starts in July-5th-1991 and ends in June-19th-2019.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\'93cetes-monthly-yields-since-1982.xlsx\'94: CETES monthly yield available since Sep-1982 for all maturities <= 1 year. Series is not continuous across the full period for some type of bond maturities. Source: Banxico SIE.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\'93naftrac-daily-prices-bloomberg.xlsx\'94: Contains many price series of the NAFTRAC ETF: open, close, high and close prices. Series starts in May-2003. I retrieved data from the Bloomberg terminal at UT. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\'93bmv-ipc-index-daily-banxico-since-1990.xlsx\'94: Banxico publishes the daily close values of the IPC index. We cannot compute the difference between open/close to mimic the HIF analyzis. But we can analyze a longer period.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\'93mexico-money-market-interest-rates.xlsx\'94: a sample of the short-term money market interest rates in Mexico. It includes the central bank target rate. Data frequency is daily and starts in 1998, but only \'93tasa de fondeo bancario\'94 is available for the full period.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\'93DFF.xlsx\'94: historical series (1954-2023) of the federal funds effective rate (DFF). Source: FRED.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\'93mxn-usd-exchange-rate.xlsx\'94: a pair of daily series of open and close exchange rates (mxn-usd) in the local market. the open and close exchange rates is an average of rates that are use to settle operations two business days after the agreement is closed. Banxico uses wholesale operations only to calculate the average. Source: Banxico SIE.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b Variables:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Tasa de fondeo interbancario: The TFI is the weighted median interest rate at which depository institutions lend and borrow money, using public debt instruments, in the local overnight market.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Tasa de inter\'e9s interbancaria de equilibrio (TIIE): The TIIE is the overnight interest rate at which depository institutions and exchange exchanges lend and borrow money in the local overnight market.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b Periods\
\cf2 earliest.date	variable source\cf0 \

\f0\b0 ipc	 "2001-05-15" yahoo\
naftrac	"2003-05-06"	bloomberg\
cetes (treasuries)	"2003-06-25" banxico (SIE)\
exchange rate	"1992-02-06" banxico (SIE)
\f1\b \
               
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b References:
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Swanson (2020) extends the approach of Gurkaynak et al (2005).\
	- He uses high-frequency data (30 minutes) to analyze the responses of asset prices from changes in the FED\'92S policy. \
	- In 2005, they got the data from \'93Genesis Financial Technologies\'94.\
	- He analyzes the response of 6-month and 2, 3, 5, 10, and 30-year treasuries.\
}